README.md, before:

# blockchain-notary

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/59f718b75b1542efaee8c56ab8e32151)](https://www.codacy.com/app/jparicka/blockchain-notary?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=jparicka/blockchain-notary&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

A very simple and the second most logical Blockchain app leaveraging Smart Contracts.

### Before you get started

Remember that a blockchain is an immutable, sequential chain of records called Blocks. They can contain transactions, files or any data you like, really. But the important thing is that they’re chained together using hashes.


### How it works

Blockchain Notary is an open source service that computes the cryptographic hash for your documents and store this cryptographic information on the Blockchain.

We use the SHA-2 algorithm to compute hash for your files and we never get to actually upload your file anywhere to a server. This means that your document content is 100% secured and cryptographically protected along the way.

Using our service, you will get the ultimate proof of your digital document yet it's secure and nobody but you gets to access the content whilst everyone will have an ability to verify it's authenticity. Yeah, and that's how it works really.  Blockchain rules.


### Donation Address

ETH: 0x45f5c8b556c3f2887b50184c823d1223f41a4156

Commit message:

added on what we do section on the readme

README.md, after:

# blockchain-notary

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/59f718b75b1542efaee8c56ab8e32151)](https://www.codacy.com/app/jparicka/blockchain-notary?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=jparicka/blockchain-notary&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

A very simple and the second most logical Blockchain app leaveraging Smart Contracts.

### Before you get started

Remember that a blockchain is an immutable, sequential chain of records called Blocks. They can contain transactions, files or any data you like, really. But the important thing is that they’re chained together using hashes.


### What we do

In the past, if you wanted to prove that you had a certain document at a certain point of time, you would need to go to a notary public who will (for a fee) testify a witness to that fact.

What we do is that we provide a unique proof of any electronic document and we record this information (notarise it) on the Blockchain. The result is a mathematical proof that is difficult and resources consuming to find but very quick and easy to verify, hence making it indisputable proof of your original document. 

Of course, we only work with the mathematical formulas and the digital signatures of your documents. This isn't making your documents accesible or readable for anybody. Not even we get to see your document.  It's the computed document hash that is publicly available and it's this computed document hash that we use to make your original document verifiable and trusted. 

Once we have done that, we will email you a permanent link referencing the proof of your document on the Blockain. This proof is valid forever, guaranteed by the Blockchain network itself.  It's really that simple. :)


### How it works

Blockchain Notary is an open source service that computes the cryptographic hash for your documents and store this cryptographic information on the Blockchain.

We use the SHA-2 algorithm to compute hash for your files and we never get to actually upload your file anywhere to a server. This means that your document content is 100% secured and cryptographically protected along the way.

Using our service, you will get the ultimate proof of your digital document yet it's secure and nobody but you gets to access the content whilst everyone will have an ability to verify it's authenticity. Yeah, and that's how it works really.  Blockchain rules.


### Donation Address

ETH: 0x45f5c8b556c3f2887b50184c823d1223f41a4156
